Generate comparative and superlative of adjectives and adverbs

Generate adverbs from adjectives (only if "adv" field not supplied)

Parse specials for adjectives
Specials for adjectives like masc.acc.sg

More strong verbs with irregular infinitives

Inflected forms of present and past participles

Match lufiġan for lufian, etc.

"hall" wrongly pulls up "hāl"

nm.sg, nn.sg, nf.sg (e.g. "feoh")
nm.pl, nn.pl, nf.pl (e.g. "ġeardagas")

Verify all vs7 verbs conjugate correctly

vs5 verbs with -ie- stems

cȳþan's past tense is cȳþde *or* cȳdde

Are there any -ttan verbs that conjugate like fremman?

pp ġehīered, not ġehīerd

Declension of cardinal numerals, including above þrēo (see Quirk & Wrenn)

Don't generate adverbial forms of numbers

Numerals in -feald (twifeald, etc.)

-end nouns should optionally have plural nom/acc rīdend|rīdende(|rīdendre?), gen rīdendra, dat rīdendum|rīdendrum

Is olfend in this class?

hāliġ contracts optionally

BT has "slǣpærn" and "slāpern" but not "slǣpern". Any significance to this?

'stem' special for adjectives (e.g. "hēah")

hēarre, nēarre (in addition to hēare, nēare)

Forms such as hīereþ (as opposed to hīerþ)

nearu, ġearu have weird declensions

Declension of ūre, ēower, uncer, incer

Declension of ōþer

āgen, stem āgen|āgn ?

Ensure twēġen and þrī are declined correctly

beadu has alternative stems beaduw-, beadow-

Don't generate superlative forms of adverbs like ǣr

Searching for "gehaten" pulls up "ġehātan", which says "SEE hātan", which pulls up the adjective "hāt" ('cause it has "hātan" as a derived form)

It seems a little odd to call "niht" vocalic, since it shows no umlaut.


Respect vowel length, diacritics, etc. when following redirects

Add a way to optionally specify part of speech when following redirects


The code to generate variants is a bit of a joke right now. It generates many implausible forms and probably misses many plausible ones.

Don't generate silly forms like sweryan, or lufi (from 'lufie').

Generate sċe for sċ[^iey] (e.g. sċop → sċeop)

Generate correct weak forms for adjectives such as hēah


ælċ, but ælcre

brōþor: make sure brōþer- vs. brōþr- is consistent in both special and generated forms (note that, I believe, broþeru is attested but perhaps e.g. sweosteru is not)

ġehwelc (and ġehwilc)

glæd, smæl

gōd: don't generate adverbial forms (or else add a way to provide the comparative and superlative of "wel")

grimre and grimra, not grimmre and grimmra

hātan has a passive form (iċ hātte, þū hāttest, hē hātte, wē hātton), which we should probably consider a separate, defective verb.

hwæþer: Eagles seems to suggest the fem.acc.sg is hwæþere but the stem is otherwise hwæþr-; I suspect this might have been a mistake.

hwelċhwugu (and hwilċhwugu)

maniġ, mā, mǣst: but these latter two are indeclinable and take the genitive, so they're not true comparative and superlative forms.

mǣd has alternative stem mǣd-

medu has an alternative stem medwes with a different declension

miċle, yfle, etc: don't generate adverbial forms for their comparative and superlative

rūh has an alternate stem rūw- (at least according to Wiktionary)

sǣ can be masc. or fem. with different irregular declensions

spenst: Is this form of spendan (or similar verbs like rendan) attested?

stīpel: alternate stem stīpl-

þætte should redirect only to the conjunction form of þæt

wæter: multi-stem (wæter, wætr)

weċġan

wōh

